Cleaning up DBaaS documentation (#882)
percona/pmm-doc: docs/setting-up/server/dbaas.md

# DBaaS

> To enable and use the Database as a Service (DBaaS) feature in PMM, please read [DBaaS Usage documentation](../../using/dbaas.html) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable and use the Database as a Service (DBaaS) feature in PMM, see [DBaaS](../../using/dbaas.html).
```

> If you don't have the infrastructure  - you can use [free K8s provided by Percona](https://www.percona.com/blog/private-dbaas-with-free-kubernetes-cluster/) for evaluation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use [free K8s provided by Percona](https://www.percona.com/blog/private-dbaas-with-free-kubernetes-cluster/) for evaluation. 
```

> Or create K8s on AWS using these [instructions](https://www.percona.com/blog/dbaas-kubernetes-in-under-20-min/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also create K8s on AWS using these [instructions](https://www.percona.com/blog/dbaas-kubernetes-in-under-20-min/). 
```
